docs/hpe/admin-guide/sparkflows_setup.rst, before:

Setup Sparkflows on HPE UA
=====

This document explains in detail the steps involved in setting up Sparkflows on HPE UA.

To setup, follow the steps below :

Step 1 : Download and Unzip Sparkflows TAR File
----------------

#. Download the Sparkflows TAR file and extract its contents.

Step 2 : Install Sparkflows
---------------
#. Copy the **fire-spark_3.2.1-core-3.1.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar** and **workflowexecutecloud_livy.py** to the **MapRFS** with HPE team's support.

   Once you finish uploading the files, you can view them, by navigating to **Main Menu** > **Data Engineering** > **Data Sources** > **Browse** 

   .. figure:: ../../_assets/hpe/hpe-ua-datasources.png
      :width: 60%
      :alt: HPE UA Data sources
   
#. Use the Helm chart to install Sparkflows on one of the HPE UA edge nodes.
   
   Make sure to configure the sparkflows deployment.yaml file located in the helm chart directory with the correct MySQL instance settings.

   If there's an existing instance of Sparkflows, initiate the uninstallation process using the comands given below :
   ::

     $ helm uninstall fire-ezua -n sparkflows

#. Run the command to install Sparkflows with MySQL support, in a separate namespace - sparkflows :
   ::

     $ helm install fire-ezua -n sparkflows fire

#. To validate if the installation was successful, run the following command :
   ::

        $ kubectl get pods -n sparkflows 
        NAME                                              READY   STATUS    RESTARTS       AGE
        fire-ezua-sparkflows-fire-7746b99c89-2kdhr        2/2     Running   1 (174m ago)   175m


#. To fetch the logs for debugging purpose, run the following command :
   ::

     $ kubectl logs -f <pod name> -n sparkflows

#. Find the exposed service port by running the below command :
   ::
  
     $ kubectl get svc -n sparkflows

Commit message:

Update sparkflows_setup.rst with hpe details

docs/hpe/admin-guide/sparkflows_setup.rst, after:

Setup Sparkflows on HPE UA
=====

This document explains in detail the steps involved in setting up Sparkflows on HPE UA.

To setup, follow the steps below :

Step 1 : Download and Unzip Sparkflows TAR File
----------------

#. Download the Sparkflows TAR file and extract its contents.

Step 2 : Install Sparkflows
---------------
#. Copy the **fire-spark_3.2.1-core-3.1.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar** and **workflowexecutecloud_livy.py** to the **MapRFS** with HPE team's support.

   Once you finish uploading the files, you can view them, by navigating to **Main Menu** > **Data Engineering** > **Data Sources** > **Browse** 

   .. figure:: ../../_assets/hpe/hpe-ua-datasources.png
      :width: 60%
      :alt: HPE UA Data sources
   
#. If you prefer to use MySQL for storing the metadata of Sparkflows then connect with HPE team to deploy a MySQL instance.
   
   Make sure to configure the sparkflows deployment.yaml file located in the helm chart directory with the correct MySQL instance settings.


#. Navigate to the Tools & Frameworks section on left side and click on Import Framework

   .. figure:: ../../_assets/hpe/hpe-ua-add-import-framework.png
     :width: 60%
     :alt: HPE UA Import framework

#. Fill all the information for the framework details

   .. figure:: ../../_assets/hpe/hpe-ua-framework-add-details.png
      :width: 60%
      :alt: HPE UA Add framework details


#. Connect with the Sparkflows team to get the latest chart for the HPE environment. Upload the new chart. Make sure the chart version doesn’t match the existing uploaded version in the HPE ezua platform, else it will throw the error as shown in the screenshot below.

   .. figure:: ../../_assets/hpe/hpe-ua-upload-chart.png
      :width: 60%
      :alt: HPE UA Add framework details

#. Now you can override the chart values in this step. Make sure you’ve used “virtualService” variable in the ezua section. Failure to do so will result in dns allocation for the newly installed service.
  
   .. figure:: ../../_assets/hpe/hpe-ua-configure-chart-values.png
      :width: 60%
      :alt: HPE UA Add Configure chart values
#. As a final step, review the configuration, submit the new framework. It might take upto 10 minutes to bring the new framework.

#. Once the new url is ready to be used, navigate to the keycloak web ui, and login to the server with admin credentials. For the keycloak server details, connect with the HPE team :
   ::
     
     Server: https://keycloak.dev.hpeua.com/
     Username: admin
     Password: ******************
