July 2021
=========

Analytics App
--------------

- Enhancements to help in the Analytics App Page

Integration with Github
------------------

- Ability to integrate with Github repos
- Import project with workflows from integrated repos or any other repos.
- Push workflows to integrated repo url through token or username/password.
- Compare workflows which has been last pushed to git and latest workflow changes. 


Ability to Download Results as CSV files
--------

- Added ui setting i.e ``uiSettings.enableDownloadDataAsCsv`` in configuration.
- Where user can set value ``true`` or ``false`` by default it's value is false.
- To enable download data as CSV,  added buttons in the table widget execution result and in sample data in view/edit dataset.

View workflow and output results together
--------

- Ability to view the workflow and the output results together
- Users can click on any node to view it output

Ability to Run Fire Insights Jobs Independently
--------

- Ability to Run the Fire Insights Jobs without having Fire Insights installed

New Nodes Added
---------

- Summary Statistics node in Pyspark Engine
- Correlation Node in Pyspark Engine
- Histogram node in Pyspark Engine
- StandardScaler node in Pyspark Engine
- Drop Duplicate Rows node in Pyspark Engine
- Cross-validation node in Pyspark Engine
- Allow string columns in group by node

Ability to view the file when selecting the file in the CSV node
-----------

- Ability to view the file content when selecting the file in the CSV node.


Ability to Rename files in the DBFS page
-----------

- Users can now rename the files in the DBFS browser page.

Ability to Download files in the DBFS page
-----------

- Users can now download the files in the DBFS browser page upto 1MB.

Better display of the size of the file
----------

- Display of the file size in bytes

UPCOMING FEATURES
---------------

- Upgraded look and feel of administration page
- Filtering of executions in the executions page i.e filter by user and filter by status
- Trash : When a workflow is deleted it should be added to trash so that it can be recovered
- Modification in Reload Sample Projects Page
  - Added below features:
     -  Drop All Sample Projects.
     -  Drop And Reload All Sample Projects
     -  Reload Selected Sample Projects
- Increase the download Size of the DBFS file
- Updating node icons
     - Introducing new icons for nodes
  
     



