April 4 2023 (Version 3.2.5)
==================================

New features:
--------------

* Sparkflows underwent a UI upgrade for all the pages.
* Ability to upload file in a stage in Analytical App.
* Ability to download file in a stage in Analytical App.
* Ability to create cascading dropdown in Analytical App.
* Added Cache Statistics for admins to view.
* Added Scheduler Statistics for admins to view.
* Added Socket Statistics for admins to view.
* Addition of GCS and Big Query nodes.
* Added clustering evaluator to compute Silhouette score.
* Added confusion matrix for H2O nodes like GBM, DRF, GLM and AutoML.
* Added loop value as a column in centroid when K-Means is run in a loop to iterate over a column.
* Added listing of Views in Snowflake DB browser.

Improvements:
-------------

* Enhancement to PyCaret and H2O AutoML.
* Ability to save summary statistics and centroids of K-means model.
* Feature importance computation for models.
* Enhancement to Bar Chart.
* Enhancement to VAR ndoe for multivariate analysis.
* Snowflake DB browser upgrades on speed and performance.
* Datasets can be created on Snowflake tables and Views to be used in workflows.
* Tooltips can now be seen on hovering over the leaderboard items in AutoML.
* Enhancement to the Scheduler to ensure user feeds in the values in permitted range in the fields like date.
* Update status of AutoML runs properly on Abort and Failure.
* Data quality page overhaul for performance on loading time.
* Correlation and summary can now be computed on decimal data types as well.
* Optimzation of multiple listing pages in Sparkflows via proper indexing and search.
* Pagination on Data quality page.

Bug Fixes:
----------

* Schema propagation for Spark Score node.
* Fix for code generation in FindAndReplace and AddConstantColumn node.
* Cosmetic fixes on model page for field names, data profile page and other pages.
* Fixes to show up the results properly on comparing the AutoMl runs.
* Rename of a project shows the updated name without manual refresh.


Documentation:
--------------

* Revamp of the Sparkflows installation docs.
* Reorganisation of the structure of the doc menu.
* Revamp of docs for configuring SSO and Okta.
* Revamp of docs on Snowflake integration.
* Docs updated with fresh screenshots.
* Formatting fixes throughout the documentation.
