Version 3.2.50 -  August 31st, 2023
==================================

New Features
--------------
* Added support for visualization nodes enhancements.
* Added a new column to failed records named exception_reason.
* Support for endpoint added.
* Added a new Sentiment extended node.
* Added a Gen-AI App.
* Replaced a model with another better one for Sentiment Analysis.

Improvements
--------------
* Enhancements for data quality checks.
* Improved code refactoring for GAI nodes.
* Improved cleanup for various files and code sections.
* Added sorting to Group Bar Chart X-axis.
* Adjusted the UI for the generative AI page. 
* Added color picker for chart color. 
* Added support for disabling certificate checking for AWS S3.
* Optimized the code for deselectAll().  
* Added scroll for renaming the y column in the node modal.
* Added the ability to run the AutoMl workflow with the selected current connection.
* Added dropdown for popup size in configuration page.
* Added a max-height for chat list.
* Updated UI for Gen-AI chat title.
* Updated the entrypoint and run files.
* Updated the Dockerfile with HPE path and fixed an issue with the Dockerfile for HPE environment.
* Updated the Dockerfile for adding JARs and removed the access control origin header.

Bug Fixes
--------------
* Fixed issue with the Execution Icon for all users.
* Fixed issue with Trino JDBC Nodes.
* Fixed issue for import web app.
* Fixed issue with run app breadcrumb redirect.
* Fixed alignment issue for pipeline nodes.
* Fixed the hover color change issue on Load Sample Applications and Accelerators on the Dashboard.
* Fixed issue with headers of Sample Data table change color based on theme for the dataset profile page.
* Fixed collapse node resize issue.
* Fixed disabled sort button issue.
* Fixed border issue for ML chart.
* Fixed S3 path directory issue.
* Fixed table height issue.
* Fixed issue with the Checked Mark from the Project not being removed until export.
* Fixed disabled asc/desc click issue.
* Fixed sorting issue for numbers.  
* Minor fix for DBFS delete multiple file check.
* Fixed tooltip hiding behind labels for trigger config.
* Fixed upper border getting cut for trigger name field when active.
* Fixed alignment issue for color picker.
* Fixed alignment for cross button in pipeline nodes.
* Fixed search border color not following the theme color.
* Fixed issue with the tab fixes on the overview page. 
* Fixed issue with dataset page sample data tab.
* Fixed issue with report page view report.
* Fixed issue for data quality page not redirecting to the workflow editor page.

Documentation
--------------
* Updated the Dockerfile and requirements.txt to run with Python 3.9.
* Added max modal check to the README.

