July 31 2023 
==================================

New Features:
--------------
* Added sorting option for selected column in node.
* Added color changes for widget.
* Added description color field in Graph Node.
* Added widget for color description for Graph Node.
* Added an API to get chat details.
* Added Filter Advanced Node.
* Added Data Cleansing Node.
* Added Formula Node.
* Added ability to sort legends.
* Added Tone Analysis Node.
* Added Summarization Node.

Improvements:
--------------
* Standardized band colors for all palettes.
* Updated color and size for graph labels.
* Optimized code for execution deletion and placed logic in a common component.
* Added center positioning for dropdown toggle arrow.
* Updated styling and layout for better user experience.
* Enhanced search functionality.
* Added show more/less option for cards in dashboard page.
* Improved UI styling and consistency across various pages.
* Bubble chart now supports x and y labels.
* Title color is now configurable.
* Description color in Graph nodes can be customized.
* Updated the report drag and drop functionality.
* Added new fields and APIs for generative AI integration.
* Longer texts are now handled properly while computing shap.

Bug Fixes:
--------------
* Fixed multiple UI flickering issues.
* Prevented moving from the standard report page if enter key is pressed for an input item.
* Fixed scroll and disabled radio button event issues.
* Resolved issues with scrolling, alignment, and hover effects.
* Fixed the issue with the select all functionality on the execution page.
* Addressed null pointer exceptions and resolved error messages.
* Fixed duplicate node issues in the report page.
* Fixed select and sorting issues for various elements.
* Corrected inconsistencies in label and button behavior.
* Fixed JSON serialization error popping up in the UI.
* Fixed alignment issues for various UI elements.
* Fixed tooltip flickering issue on the execution page.
* Snowflake fixes.
* Serialization fix for single quote in fields in interactive mode.
* Take care of longer texts while computing shap.

Documentation:
--------------
* Updated the Dockerfile for Jenkins.
* Added description and details for new feature enhancements.
* Improved error messages and handling for various actions.
* Updated NodeBarGroupChart.java.
* Updated requirements.txt.
