January 2023 (Version 3.1.73)
==================================

New features:
------

* Workflow wizard to create workflows just by a few clicks.
* Usage statistics summary visualization for admin.
* Added "Update JDBC processor" which provides the capability to insert a subset of columns into a DB by mapping primary key.
* Added "Upsert JDBC processor" which provides the capability to insert or update the data to databases.
* Drop rows with null processor which provides the capability to drop rows with nulls in specific columns.
* MinMax scaler processor to transform the test data.
* String Indexer processor to transform the test data.
* One Hot encoder processor to transform the test data.
* Standard scaler processor to transform the test data.
* MaxAbs scaler processor to transform the test data.
* Robust scaler processor to transform the test data.
* Bucketizer processor to transform the test data.
* QuantileDiscretizer processor to transform the test data.
* Processor to add multiple Case when logic in one.
* Ability to invalidate cache by clicking on an icon in workflow editor page.
* More metrics for admin to look at regarding the usage of resources.
* Backup Database feature in administration section.
* Enable job metrics for workflows running in Databricks environment.

Improvements:
-------------

* Add capability to save and load more types of models including Time series models
* PySpark code generation for nodes like StringIndexer, count, concatenate, sort, save excel among others, expression node, cube, window analytics node,
* Data quality enhancements.
* Register time series models in model registry - prophet, arima, sarimax, VAR.
* Better Exception handling in Python engine.
* Versioning ramp up of artifacts in the binary.
* Better names for the Airflow node with proper description of the processors
* Enhancements for seamless git integration.
* Upgrade of Data Quality UI to show more details.
* Add feature data type to columns in AutoML.
* Added option to upload file to DBFS and use that file schema while creating AutoML experiment.
* Updates for comparing AutoML experiments.
* Updates to Glue integration.
* Updates to HANA JDBC connector.
* Added feature importance to lots of Machine Learning processors
* Added more fields in Create EMR JobFlow node in pipeline.
* Correlation id feature in pipeline airflow.
* Ability to create JDBC connection type.
* Leaderboard widgets enhancements.
* Upgrade of model details page.
* Delete all parameters at once on the workflow execution page.


Bug Fixes:
----------

* Schema propagation for Prophet models.
* Schema propagation for ARIMA models.
* Schema propagation for SARIMAX models.
* Fix download of Big files.
* Fix for proxy feature importance of linear regression using the weights.
* Do not allow user to save if mandatory columns are not provided in Administrative tab when adding new user.
* Ensure the web socket connection among fire server's do not interfere with each other.
* Fixed Postaback url usage in Livy connection.
* Add and remove node jumble issue in reports.
* Workflow parameter fixes in the execution page.


Documentation:
--------------

* Revamp of the Sparkflows installation docs.
* Reorganisation of the structure of the doc menu.
* Revamp of docs for install on AWS.
* Revamp of docs for install on Azure.
* New page to access S3 from EC2 without AssumeRole.
* Formatting fixes throughout the documentation.

