October 30 2023 
==================================

New Features:
--------------
* Added support for Azure OpenAI integration.
* Introduced MLflow support.
* Implemented a new Translate PDF node to facilitate PDF translation.
* Added a new Create Faiss Embeddings node for generating Faiss embeddings.
* Introduced a Gen AI SQL Query node for executing SQL queries.
* Added a new Web Scraper node for web scraping tasks.
* Added support for multiple PDF files.
* Added confusion matrix chart on the modal detail page to provide users with visual insights into model performance.
* Introduced an API for performing Create, Read, Update, and Delete (CRUD) operations for wiki documents, enhancing collaboration and documentation capabilities.
* Expanded data type support to include compatibility for various data types, providing flexibility in working with different data formats.
* Implemented a new wiki page feature, empowering users to create and manage documentation within the application's interface.
* Incorporated recommendation rules for data quality, ensuring the enforcement of best practices for maintaining data integrity and quality.
* Enabled the functionality to save pipelines to disk, offering users more control over their workflow management and execution.
* Enhanced user roles page by adding a scroll feature for improved navigation and user management.

Improvements:
--------------
* Introduced authentication support for MLOps server.
* Enhanced the logic for promoting models between stages.
* Improved field and variable names for model promotion.
* Optimized code for computing drift on train and test data.
* Updated requirements.txt with compatible versions.
* Made Gen AI imports local to run HF workflows.
* Added parameters for creating embeddings in nodes.
* Exposed parameters for langchain ChatOpenaiAPI.
* Enhanced path appending issue fix on the save modal.
* Removed the requirement for include tables as a mandatory field.
* Took in access and secret key for the MLflow bucket from the admin page.
* Added a query method to query Faiss PKL files.
* Added dependency of llama index for enhanced functionality.
* Updated button colors to align with theme preferences, enhancing overall visual appeal and consistency.
* Refined the user interface (UI) for analytical apps to provide a more intuitive and seamless user experience.
* Introduced a media query for padding within the configurations nav tabs, ensuring a more responsive and consistent UI across various devices.
* Replaced the UISettings.displayNodeId Configuration with a dropdown, simplifying user interactions and selections.
* Optimized the layout and spacing of elements for the Schedule DB backup feature, enhancing usability and aesthetic appeal.
* Improved user groups table by enabling scrolling within the table body for easier data exploration and management.

Bug Fixes:
--------------
* Fixed headers and paragraphs formatting issue in description of nodes and workflows.
* Addressed pyspark graph values and scatter chart node issues.
* Fixed a web scraping node issue for recursive scraping.
* Addressed path appending issue on the save modal.
* Fixed wf-parameter issue when the parameter value has an equal sign (=).
* Resolved S3 path issues, ensuring seamless integration with Amazon S3 for data processing and storage.
* Addressed issues related to the trash feature, ensuring smoother navigation and file management.
* Implemented validation for column names, reducing the risk of errors and enhancing data quality during user interactions.
* Fixed long dataset names that affected the dropdown menu size, optimizing the user interface for improved usability.
* Rectified position-related issues for count in multiselect dropdowns, ensuring consistent and precise UI elements across the application.
* Resolved alignment issues throughout the application, ensuring a seamless and visually appealing user experience.
* Addressed curve line chart issues, enhancing the visual representation of data for improved insights.

Documentation:
--------------
* Updated README.md.
* Made documentation updates for Gen AI features.
* Updated documentation for multiple app execute, import/export wiki, and Analytics app UI, providing clear and comprehensive instructions for users.
