Version 3.2.6 - September 30th, 2023
==================================

New Features
--------------
* Introduced a new node, ExpectColumnToExist, for checking the existence of a column in data sets, providing users with an additional data validation capability.
* Implemented a new node, Date Difference, for calculating the difference between dates in PySpark, enhancing the date manipulation capabilities of the platform.
* Added a new node for numbering rows, Row Numbering, enabling users to assign unique identifiers to rows in their data sets.
* Introduced a new node, Paragraph Splitter, for splitting paragraphs, facilitating text processing and analysis tasks.
* Expanded the functionality with a new node for graph region geospatial visualization in PySpark, empowering users with advanced geospatial data visualization capabilities.
* Introduced a node, Gauge Chart, for gauge graph representation in PySpark, enabling users to create gauge charts for data visualization.
* Enhanced the functionality of the output graph node by adding configurable attributes to customize graph outputs.
* Introduced a new node, Bar Chart, for creating bar charts in PySpark, providing additional visualization options for data analysis and presentation.
* Enhanced the platform with a new node, Scatter Chart, for scatter chart visualization in PySpark, offering users the ability to create scatter plots for data exploration and analysis.
* Improved the functionality of the bubble chart node by addressing various issues and enhancing its feature set.
* Implemented support for customization of colors in the histogram and boxplot nodes, offering users flexibility in visualizing data distributions.

Improvements
--------------
* Updated the platform with a feature to register H2O3 models in MLflow and expose them as REST endpoints, enhancing model management and deployment capabilities.
* Upgraded the Spark dependency to version 3.3.1, ensuring compatibility and leveraging the latest features and optimizations.
* Enhanced parameter handling in the execution of workflows from files, optimizing workflow execution capabilities.
* Improved the JDBC pyspark node functionality, enhancing connectivity and data retrieval from external databases.
* Streamlined the visualization of outlier data points, flagging outliers for clearer insights.
* Upgraded the platform to Spark 3.4.1, leveraging the latest enhancements and optimizations.

Bug Fixes
--------------
* Resolved issues related to handling null values in parquet files and Oracle JDBC read, ensuring accurate and reliable data processing.
* Fixed the resultType of node execution, addressing inconsistencies and ensuring proper execution and result handling.
* Addressed multiple bugs related to data quality enhancements, ensuring dependable data validation and profiling capabilities.
* Fixed issues with data quality rule validation and profile page layout, ensuring consistent and accurate data quality analysis.
* Resolved various UI inconsistencies and alignment issues, ensuring a seamless and intuitive user experience.
* Fixed bugs related to ML model generation and selection, ensuring the accurate creation and deployment of machine learning models.
* Addressed compatibility issues in web scraping and faiss embeddings JSON, ensuring smooth and reliable data extraction and feature representation.
* Resolved scrolling issues and UI bugs in various pages, providing a more stable and consistent user interface experience.

Documentation
--------------
* Improved JSON configurations for various nodes, providing comprehensive and detailed information for node configuration and usage.
* Updated and added documentation for new node features and improvements, ensuring users have access to up-to-date and thorough documentation.
* Added details for the page not found scenario, providing comprehensive information to guide users in case of unexpected page availability.
* Documented enhancements and updates related to ML model visualization and features, ensuring users have access to comprehensive and detailed information on model visualization capabilities and enhancements.
