December 31 2023
===========

New Features
--------
- New node for Visualizing clusters of data.
- New node for Visualizing Word Cloud.
- New node to chunk and summarize PDF content using LLM.
- Separation of logs per user.
- MLOps - Ability to Deploy models from Sparkflows to AWS Sagemaker.
- MLOps - Ability to Monitor deployed models in Sagemaker.
- MLOps - Ability to Score real time using the Sagemaker end points.
- MLOps - Ability to auto Retrain if model deployed in Sagemaker drifts.
- MLOps - Ability to Deploy models from Sparkflows to Kubeflow.
- MLOps - Ability to Monitor deployed models in Kubeflow.
- MLOps - Ability to Score real time using the Kubeflow end points.
- MLOps - Ability to auto Retrain if model deployed in Kubeflow drifts.
- Analytical App - Ability to Upload File with Read Content and Execute App Options.
- Analytical App - Ability to Download Text Area or Text Field Content as Text File.
- Ability to export the Feature importance graphs from Model details page.
- Ability to view the historical executions in Analytical Apps from dropdown.


Improvements
------
- Enhancements to Logging in Sparkflows.
- Improved acyclic table name issue.
- Improved schema propagation issue in Group By node.
- Improved edit user page for superuser status.
- Updated Dockerfile for removing binary path hard code.
- Updated alignment of node names in workflow.
- Updated project name list alignment in data catalog.
- Added sorting on x-axis when value is double in BarGroupChart node.
- Added sorting on x-axis when value is integer in BarGroupChart node.
- Added titles for subplot charts.
- Added scroll to the main element in Snowflake DB editor page.
- Added disable check on trash button for pipelines.
- Added check to enable trash button on delete of multiple workflows.
- Added titles for chart buttons in ROC.
- Added config in pipeline trash.
- Added the missing information in JDBC explorer.
- Added missing database tables/views in snowflake DB editor.
- Added scroll in user list page.
- Added handling of overflow on long WIKI sentences.
- Added the highlighting of selected search text and added navigation in server log search.
- Handled the error message overlay for long messages.
- Cluster chart fixes: added chart colors.
- Fixed schema propagation in Pivot and Melt node.
- Removed horizontal scroll in JDBC explorer.

Bug Fixes
--------
- Fixed issue with file read in Analytical App Page.
- Fixed issue with continuous console error in Server logs page.
- Fixed File System search issue.
- Fixed issue with delete of nodes in report where the nodes would show up even after delete.
- Fixed issue with project name in Data Quality page.
- Fixed issue with alignment of code in Notebook editor.
- Fixed issue with error occurred then node popup maximized/minimized not working.
- Fixed issue with setting tab in Notebook editor page.
- Fixed issue with alignemnt of list view icon in Project list page.
- Fixed issue with color override for text area modal in Edit App Stage.
- Fixed issue with icon and data load in Modal page.
- Fixed issue with Model leaderboard path.
- Fixed issue with search text color in server log search.
- Fixed issue with delete row button alignment in Join SQL Column Node.
- Fixed issue with copy leaderboard path.
- Fixed issue with selected search text in server log search.
- Fixed issue with download result in workflow execution.
- Fixed issue of unresponsive scroll bar in move path modal.
- Fixed issue with Data Quality rule name and ID.
- Fixed issue with card overlapping in Snowflake DB editor.
- Fixed issue with missing logs in open AI connection.
- Fixed issue with models page view icon disabled.
- Fixed issue with download model table header.
- Fixed issue with error message overlay in Snowflake DB editor.
- Fixed issue with missing backup database table headers.
- Fixed Print Rich Text node for Pyspark.
- Resolved SSL issues with DB connection.
- Fixed the variable widget issue.
- Fixed issue with app configuration.
- Fixed issue with project name length on Data Quality page.
- Fixed issue with credentials edit value/details not responding.

Documentation
---------
* Updated MLOps Admin and User Guide.
* Updated the Databricks Admin and User Guide.
* Updated the Troubleshooting Guide.
* Updated and refined multiple pages and sections of the docs.
