Version 3.2.64 - November 30th, 2023
===========

New Features
--------

- Added ROC, AUC, Confusion matrix to be displayed for H2O GBM and GLM models.
- Added ROC graph for Spark Random Forest Classifier.
- Added ROC and confusion matrix charts in H2O GLM and GBM.
- Added validation metrics computation in H2O XGBoost and DRF.
- Added ROC graph for Spark Gradient Boosted Trees, Spark Decision Tree, Linear Regression, Random Forest Classifier and Binary evaluator in the PySpark engine.
- Added Confusion Matrix for Spark Decision Tree, Random Forest, Gradient Boosted Trees, Logistic Regression and binary & Multiclass evaluators in the PySpark engine.
- Added PDF Summary Node.
- Added ROC graph for Spark Gradient Boosted Trees, Spark Decision Tree, Linear Regression, Random Forest Classifier and Binary evaluator in the Scala/Java engine.
- Added Confusion Matrix for Spark Decision Tree, Random Forest, Gradient Boosted Trees, Logistic Regression and binary & Multiclass evaluators in the Scala/Java engine.
- Integrated execute node API for interactive execution using workflow ID.
- Added support for reading PDF files and Text files.
- Added model monitoring dashboard which acts as a single pane view for all the deployed models.

Improvements
------
- Web scraper node enhancements and fixes.
- Added stacked dual axis colorRange and material for PySpark Bar Chart node and Output Graph.
- Added a messge to show that no rules are present in table for DQ Configure Rules.
- Added a messge to show that no recomendations are present for dq-rules selection.
- Gen-AI Application updated in the samples projects and accelerators.
- Code changes for refreshing schema and sample data for Postgres connection as dataset.
- Improved code for updating Data Quality dataset dropdown list after clone, delete, or import datasets.
- Optimized code for custom table and aligned the TH elements for user tables.
- Updated look and feel for buttons on multiple pages.
- Hid the sort icons for HDFS popup when no data is present and blocked the sort API call in such cases.

Bug Fixes
--------
- Fixed bug with indentation.
- Fixed table header on top for table widgets.
- Fixed the configurable duration to trigger the PySpark code validation API call. Default is set to 10 seconds.
- Fixed graceful handling of blobs and invalid file uploads.
- Fixed Permission Issue for usage statistics page.
- Changed the message seen for no rules added for DQ-Define Data Quality Rules
- Fixed create wiki editor modal issues.
- Resolved SSL issues with DB connection.
- Fixed chart configuration tab issues.
- Fixed user list display issue.
- Fixed the issue of no dataset available card for DQ preview.
- Reverted code for green border issue on dropdown toggle buttons.
- Fixed the issue of columns update on workflow response.
- Removed the green border seen for split dropdown buttons and kept only for workflow.
- Fixed the issue with Overview refresh for consistency.
- Fixed the issue of no data card for DQ profiling page when no dataset is present.
- Fixed the issue with the select dataset button when no dataset is present for DQ.
- Fixed the issue with the delete web app from the card view.

Documentation
---------
* Added details about Fire Notebook.
* Added details about 'Data Cleansing' and 'Drop Null Rows For Selected Columns' processors to Data Cleansing Processors User Guide.
* Added details about 'Impute Advanced' processor to Imputing Processors User Guide.
* Updated the Analytical App Reference Guide.
* Updated the Natural Language Processing User Guide to add details about NLQ processors and Apps.
* Updated the Git Integration User Guide for Push Application.
* Updated MLOps Admin and User Guide.
* Updated the Databricks Admin and User Guide.
* Updated the Troubleshooting Guide.















