June 26 2023 (Version 3.2.73)
==================================

New Features:
--------------

* Export and import for Automl.
* Export and import for report.
* CDC(Change Data Capture) Node.
* SaveTextFile Node.
* Distinct Count and Null Count In Summary Node.
* Create CSV  from GE Results: Added node to easily generate CSV files from Great Expectation (GE) results.
* Added Filter Unique Node.
* Added Impute Advanced Node.
* Split into Good and Bad Records Node from GE Results.
* UX Upgrade (Three theme support).
* OAuth Integration.

Improvements:
-------------

* Enhancements of Confusion Matrix in PySpark.
* Enhancements to Custom Metric Node.
* Added sparkConf field in EMR workflow node of pipeline.
* Added parameter field in EMR  workflow node of pipeliene.
* Pipeline parameters and config parameters to be considered when running pipeline with airflow from script.
* Added configuration to get max pipeline execution status update count(**airflow.max.batch.execution.status.update**).
* Added configuration for Fire jar location to be used in EMR workflow node while running Scala Workflow(**airflow.fire.jar.location**).
* Added configuration for Fire python script location to be used in EMR workflow node while running Pyspark Workflow (**airflow.fire.python.script.location**).


Bug Fixes:
----------

* Fix for app stage not rendering on renaming project.
* Fix for delete analytical app.
* Fix for Showing all analytical app executions on view app when run stage has different workflow id and app has different.
* Fix for add default value of delimeter in dataset.
* Fix for Pipeline API parameters not able to change the Pipeline parameter values.
* Fix for updated default value of header and dropSpecialCharacterinColumnName in dataset.
* Fix for redirecting automl execution action icon view result to wf-exe full result page.
* Fix for added default value of graphType in Graph Values and Graph Group by Column nodes json.
* Fix for updated graph type in Graph Values node json.
* Fix for y sort column field in Graph Values, Bar Chart and Scatter Chart nodes.
* Fix for y label field in node Graph Values.
* Fix for one more field to get user input whether graph should be sort by Y-column or not in subplot node.
* Fix for showing all neccesary execution result in report if node type is ml-estimator.
* Fix for Graph node by week distribution.
* Fix for Graph node by year distribution.
* Fix for Graph node by month distribution.
* Fix for Read JDBC node issue on pyspark.
* Fix for postgresql with Read JDBC node.

Documentation:
--------------

* Revamp of the Sparkflows installation docs.
