April 30 2024
===============

New Features
--------------

* Added new node named Add Query Document which enables RAG based query on private documents.
* Added new node named Delta node which supports delta files operations.
* Added the capability to create, update, and get Jupyter notebooks via the API.
* Added the ability to generate code for optimization and optimization score node.
* Added functionality to add/update comments in the execution list dropdown in the analytics apps.
* Added JupyterHub integration to the platform. Notebooks can be spawned now from the Sparkflows UI.
* Added support for executing PySpark workflows in Dataproc.
* Added support for Chidori like - use of Chidori job requests and browse buttons, Spark configurations in Chidori connections and included them in job requests.

Improvements
-------------

* Enhanced loading and saving in loop Time Series nodes.
* Added support to show the timestamp in the RAG based chat response when quering on private documents.
* Added display mode for text in the Geo Chart node.
* Update to the fields and properties were added to the Optimization node.
* Added a copy text functionality in the GenerativeAI chat response box.
* Refactored optimization node and added remove rows functionality.
* Updates to model names and revenue values based on ASIN values.
* Updated the data quality check reasons and rule names.
* Improved revenue values calculation method, including floor and ceil.
* Refined the CSS for node icon images.
* Adjusted standardization of search bar default text and recent project card sizes across different screen resolutions.
* Added code for converting table widget implementation in Angular.
* Improved styling in various UI components, including button colors and project list card layout.
* Data quality rule message improvements and implementation of a loader for data export functionalities.
* Fixed breadcrumb issues and improved space alignment throughout the platform.
* Enhancements in project and dashboard API functionalities.
* Added validation checks on connection ID and connection dropdown values.
* Standardized the look and feel of the Hive query editor and the Snowflake editor to make it user friendly.
* Added configurations for executing PySpark workflows on Dataproc.
* Made the global search functionality more efficient for dashboards.

Bug Fixes
-------------

* Fixed feature importance and removed test rows from Rparabola.
* Fixed sorting in graph node.
* Resolved issues in prophet file handling and added .pkl extension.
* Fixed issues in the workflow parameters not being replaced in PySpark code.
* Fixed routing issues and alignment problems across various UI components.
* Addressed UI inconsistencies in project card sizes and hover effects.
* Fixed issues with model paths not redirecting correctly in AWS.
* Rectified bugs in the execution history of Jupyter notebook connections.
* Resolved errors related to recent dataset fetching and sorting of recent activities.
* Fixed multiple execution output issues from the same stage.
* Fixed alignment issues and console errors in various UI components.

Documentation
-------------------

* Updated documentation to include new nodes and features.
* Detailed descriptions of all the new improvements and bug fixes.
* Updated guide on handling new features like query document node, and Jupyter hub integration.
* Updated the instructions for data quality rules and revenue values calculation methods.
* Included examples for executing workflows in different environments like Dataproc and Chidori connections.
* Updated the Azure Guide.

