June 30 2024
=============

New Features
-------------

* Added ModelDoc on Model repository page and in Information menu of Model details page.
* Added breadcrumb navigation for Dashboard -> Chart page.
* Added support in MLOps module for workflow deployment for PySpark and Scala workflows on Kubeflow.
* Added an email notification node which will be send out emails on workflow completes.
* Added capbility to save bad records after running Data Quality and showcasing the same in the UI.
* Added features in the connections list page to filter by Category.
* Added support for displaying current running processes (Java and Python) on machines in the Diagnostics for Admins.
* Added support for displaying disk space and free space on machines in the Diagnostics for Admins.
* Added support for test connections for various services: Gemini AI, Bedrock, Vertex Palm AI, Synapse, Azure OpenAi, Hive, S3, MLflow, Kubeflow, and Jupyter Notebook in the Diagnostics for Admins.
* Added support for viewing process start commands from the UI in the Diagnostics for Admins.
* Added support for  Airflow test connection in the Diagnostics for Admins.
* Enhanced support for listing all the running jobs in Livy connection in the Diagnostics for Admins.
* Added support for Keycloak in the Diagnostics for Admins.

Improvements
-------------

* Enhanced the ModelDoc for Google Drive preview.
* Renamed global connection to global/group connection in admin page.
* Enhanced diagnostic page with additional tabs for metrics and Java/Python details.
* Fixed position of Error messages popping up for wrong email inputs which scheduling a job.
* Added sorting icons for the columns on which user can sort in the super user project page.
* Improved WikiDocs editor font size and view layout.
* Added integration test cases for various controllers: FireAccessTokenController, SnowflakeController, WikiDocController, NodeController, ConfPropertyController, DatabaseBackupController, ProjectOverviewController, UserAdminController, Project Controller, WebAppController, Search Controller, and ApplicationCredential Controller.

Bug Fixes
-------------

* Gracious exit in the model score API on Exception while tracking the user events.
* Fixed the selection and propgation of package type in the AutoML page when moving form one page to another while editing/creating an AutoML experiment.
* Addressed multiple issues creating project as 'TetProject' & role as 'ADMIN' on every execution.
* Fixed header color alignment on Data Quality rule page according to the theme.
* Fixed model view action not showing details and deployment details on undeploy.
* Fixed model download issues in all environments.
* Fixed the issue with auto-updating text box with uploaded file content.
* Fixed console error on create workflow navigation.
* Fixed issue with process commands visibility on Linux machines.
* Fixed project link with Git and edit issues.
* Fixed height for model in Test Connection result page.
* Fixed browsing issue with Azure ADLS.
* Fixed email buttons color in various themes.
* Resolved issue where the assets tab was blank even thought there were items in the project.

Documentation
-------------

* Updated documentation for disk space and running process diagnostics.
* Enhanced documentation for integration cases and new test connections.
* Updated and added new documentation for integration of various controllers and diagnostic upgrades.
* Updated documentation with proper error messages for different connection failures.
