May 31 2024
===========

New Features
-------------

* Added a new feature to create a project using a sample project.
* Integrated support for mounting keycloak certificate and hive secrets.
* Added new functionality to pass empty workflow parameters.
* Enabled saving model scoring and deployment events.
* Added the ability to select Docker image tags from the Kubernetes cluster.
* Introduced the option to edit Jupyter Hub notebooks directly by clicking on the Notebook Name.
* Added support for the External category as a filter type in the model list.
* Added the distribution graphs and other visualization templates (Bubble chart, Boxplot, Subplots).
* Introduced JSON file templates for data preparation and data cleaning.

Improvements
-------------  

* Optimized the generate code process for the optimization node.
* Enhanced the model download process and fixed related errors.
* Implemented validation and improved UX for various pipeline and workflow actions.
* Improved the grouping count distinct functionality in Scala node.
* Enhanced JSON and Parquet workflow templates.
* Improved alignment and layout for various UI components (e.g., dataset pages, project list).
* Added option to add a valid email upon clicking away from the text box in relevant fields.
* Updated the UI for the pipeline execution button and other pipeline-related improvements.
* Enhanced validation for workflow nodes and models, including empty path and schema propagation checks.
* Added missing regression metrics to the custom metrics node.
* Improved the logging and error handling, especially for Livy and Spark jobs.
* Improved the scheduling popups and error messages for pipelines and workflows.
* Added icons and other visual aids to enhance UX.

Bug Fixes
-----------

* Fixed multiple issues with pipeline execution, including missing delete execution.
* Resolved model download issues from S3 and fixed related null pointer errors.
* Fixed search and filter issues on the model page.
* Fixed UI bugs related to the project cards, project lists, and genAI topic dropdowns.
* Corrected console errors and other minor bugs during workflow executions.
* Fixed pivot schema propagation issue in workflow executions.
* Corrected validation errors when creating datasets and fixed the save button display.
* Fixed alignment and overlapping issues for buttons and project descriptions.
* Resolved issues with node icons and ensure correct display of all nodes.
* Corrected validation checks related to the cluster ID and other configurations.
* Fixed view event history issues and integrated API changes for the same.
* Fixed the Save button visibility for connection type changes.

Documentation
--------------
* Updated documentation to reflect changes in functionality and new feature additions.
* Added detailed descriptions for new and updated workflow templates (e.g., data cleaning, preparation, visualization).
* Ensured consistency in JSON filenames for clarity and ease of access.
* Improved inline documentation and comments in the code to assist with future maintenance and development.
* Enhanced user guidance on UI changes and new features through tooltips and help sections.
* Updated the Databricks Guide.

