Version 3.3.0 - January 31st, 2024
=================

New Features
----------
* Added what-if capability to the platform to analyse and diagnose machine learning models.
* Added what-if score charts to show global and local feature importance.
* Added what-if option in model details page.
* Added dynamic clustering functionality in K-means processor.
* Added Timeseries Decompose node.
* Ability to add Airflow as a connection.
* Ability to add and use Chidori connection.
* Ability to filter by date in workflow execution page.


Improvements
------------

* Enabled confusion matrix compute and visualization even when labels are non-numeric.
* Enhancement to the datatype being handled in Distributed Random Forest processor.
* Enhancements to the model monitoring charts.
* Spark submit config values to be passed while running Incorta job.
* Updates to the binary installers for seamless install experience.
* Enhanced Git connection test issue resolutions.
* Enhanced installer buttons with hover effect.
* Adjusted the projects list/card/categorical view pages elements for mobile view.
* Enhancement to handle multiple path added browser button.
* Enhanced configuration buttons with hover effect.
* Enhancement to take care of console error for newly created users.
* Added hover effect for install button in installer.
* Enhanced installer buttons with hover effect.
* Added dropdown for 'azure.access.type' configuration.
* Added success message on restoring workflows.
* Added success message on emptying the workflow trash.
* Added success message on for action icons of workflow trash.
* Added line separator for pipeline trash table.
* Added a authentication failure handler.
* Changed the Restore button color for pipeline trash.
* Added connectionName and CreatedBy in scheduler statistics.
* Added supressCellFocus for Trashed pipelines.
* Adjusted the height of the pipeline trash table.
* Adjusted the height of the workflow trash table.
* Added check on Project list length for the current project selection seen in header.
* Updated client credentials to one supported by HPE.  


Bug Fixes
--------  

* Fixed time series decompose repeated dates bug.
* Resolved invalid int literal error and error while running on big data.
* Fixed correlation node typecase issue.
* Fixed empty path in summary node.
* Fixed issue with refresh schema when the CSV file has only one row.
* Fixed UI issue causing breaking cards alignment in the report list page.
* Fixed the wrong color seen for a disabled button in Analytics Apps for blue/green themes.
* Fixed issue in importing certificate.
* Fixed the keystore path.
* Fixed console error issue on recommendation rule add on data quality.
* Fixed corrupt sample workflow json.
* Fixed issue for data quality response not coming.
* Fixed - downloaded results include titles in Gen-AI page.
* Fixed issue for -Not able to open node after using Execute in Loop node in workflows.
* Fixed data quality rule execution reload issue.
* Fixed data quality response not coming.
* Fixed issue for data quality response not coming.
* Fixed issue for - download model monitoring chart breaking the data.
* Fixed project should be created testcase expected status.
* Fixed issue for - Folder path is missing to a file directly which we wants to download.
* Fixed -Getting error while switching project list to view.
* Fixed issue for newly created user getting console error.
* Fixed - download model monitoring chart breaking the data.
* Fixed issue for -Not able to open node after using execute in loop node in workflows.
* Fixed - Getting error while switching project list to view.

Documentation
--------------
* Updated and refined multiple pages and sections of the docs.


  
