February 29 2024
==================

New Features
------------

* Synapse integration added to Sparkflows.
* Helm charts to deploy Kafka and integrate it with Sparkflows on any cloud.
* Added ability to add AWS configurations at group levels.
* Added the ability to update titles if loop variables.
* Added save coefficients for linear regression processors.
* Ability to generate code for model load processors.
* Added count decision processors in PySpark engine.
* Added generate code for Read JSON, Flatten and Explode processor.
* Added count assert and decision processor.
* Added sorting of Wiki cards by name, last date.
* Added privilege to Super Admin to automatically access to all the Projects created by the individual Group and Users.

Improvements
------------

* Added inside scroll for table in HDFS table.
* Changed Icons for processes and memory in system metrics page.
* Added search Icon for search in system metrics page search.
* Added Project Name to the zip file name while Exporting the project.
* Added support for search by Id in analytical app execution.
* Added validation for edit Airflow connection if airflow is enabled/disabled.
* Added null check on view logs API if connection Id not present in local execution.
* Added sorting option for user table header inside group creation page.
* Added select/unselect all functionality for use list while create/edit of group.
* Added null check in server logs page.
* Updated loop variable key and value in loop node and replaced loop path in graph values.
* Improved Azure changes.
* Added save coefficients in Loop node.
* Disabled run button when dataset is not present.
* Updated the height of the create/edit roles container to remove scroll.
* Changed the browse file button label to "ADLS" when Azure is enabled.
* Disabled the menu buttons till upgrade process is not completed or till the point it does throw an error.
* Improved the speed of loading the page on click of any of the menu buttons and added hover color effect to all the buttons seen.
* Resolved the issue with the ADLS file download.

Bug Fixes
-----------

* Removed unwanted API call in kill process.
* Fixed issue with setting up Airflow connection at the Top Right Corner of header.
* Fixed schema table loading issue.
* Fixed UI alignment for wiki editor page.
* Fixed Scroll related issues for Roles Create/Edit page.
* Fixed issue for schema data not coming while tab switching.
* Fixed conflict for webapp cards.
* Fixed loop variable key and value in Loop node and replaced loop path in graph values.
* Fixed the issue with the ADLS file download.
* Fixed operands broadcasting error.
* Fixed issue with ts decompose in Loop node.
* Fixed schema propagation issue in TS Decompose node.
* Fixed alignment for user table.
* Fixed user list table alignment in create group page
* Fixed alignment issue for user table.
* Fixed the issue with hover.
* Fixed alignment issue for message in group page.


Documentation
------------

* Added details about What-if Analysis.
* Added details about Variables.
* Updated the Azure Admin Guide.
* Updated the MLOps Guide.
* Updated and refined multiple pages and sections of the docs.  
  
