Version 3.2.94 - February, 2025
======================

New Features
--------------

Data Quality
+++++

* **Inline DQ Node:** Introduced a new Inline DQ node to perform real-time Data Quality validations within workflows and pipelines.

AI & Automation
+++++
* **Chatbot Assistant Enhancements:** Enhanced Chatbot Assistant with new features. Users can now create multiple Chatbot Assistants.

Gen-AI Data Preparation
+++++
* **Gen-AI Sample Projects:** Introduced new Gen-AI Sample Projects for data preparation use cases.

Storage & Integrations
+++++
* **New Storage Connections:** Added support for **Confluence**, **ServiceNow**, and **SharePoint** storage connections.

* **Pinecone Vector Database:** Introduced support for Pinecone Vector DB to enhance vector search and retrieval capabilities.

Enhancements
--------------

Administration
+++++
* **Local Credential Store:** Added a Credential Store option under Administration to securely manage credentials.

Performance
+++++
* **Pagination:** Implemented **server-side pagination** for projects, improving performance and responsiveness.

Development & Workflow
+++++
* **Code Editor enhancements:** Introduced auto-completion for column names and functions in the Code Editor.

* **Workflow Templates:** Added more workflow templates to automate and streamline workflow development.

Machine Learning Feature Control
+++++
* **Enable/Disable Machine Learning:** Machine Learning features can now be enabled or disabled from **Administration > Configuration**. When disabled, Machine Learning nodes will not be displayed.

Variables & Macros
+++++
* **Enhanced Variable Management:** Users can now create variables at the **global**, **group**, or **project** level. Group-level variables can be applied to all groups or specific groups. Project-level variables are now supported for more granular control.


Documentation
-----

* **Pinecone Vector DB:** Added documentation for setting up a **Pinecone Connection** in Sparkflows under Vector Database Connections.
* **Application Credentials:** Added documentation for creating and managing Application Credentials, including steps for adding, configuring, and editing credentials within the Credential Store.
* **Migrate H2 database from 1.4.199 to 2.2.224:** Added documentation for migrating the H2 Database from version 1.4.199 to 2.2.224, detailing the step-by-step process.














