Version 3.3.7 - September, 2025
=====

New Features
----

Machine Learning
++++
  
* **Model Drift Tracking :** The *ML Data Metrics* node is now available to track and save model drift data. Drift is displayed on the Models page with graphical visualizations for easier monitoring.
* **Enhanced Performance Monitoring :** The Models page now includes graphical visualizations for:
  
  * Data Drift Over Time
  * Average Drift Over Time
  * Prediction Over Time
  * Metrics Over Time
* **Expanded Model Insights :** *Validation metrics* under Model Interpretation and *Test metrics* under Model Evaluation are now supported for H2O and SparkML models.
* **MLflow Integration :** Models can now be automatically registered in MLflow for streamlined model management when MLflow is enabled.
* **Automated Cleanup :** Model Scoring now includes automated daily cleanup. Scoring data older than the configured retention period (default: 30 days) is deleted automatically when more than 100 records exist per model, helping optimize storage.

Dataset
++++
* **Oracle Dataset Support :** Oracle Dataset support is now available to create datasets in Sparkflows using an Oracle connection and view its sample data directly.
* **Browse DB/Table Support :** Browse DB/Table Support is now available to browse databases and their tables when creating datasets using connection.

Dashboard
++++
* **Oracle Dashboard Support :** Dashboards can now be created using datasets built from Oracle connections.

Platform Management
++++
* **Group-Level HDFS Browse Options :** HDFS Local Home Directory management has now been moved to the Groups Create/Edit pages, enabling multiple teams to set tailored access.

Feature Engineering
++++
* **Group By Node :** This node is now available for computing aggregated user-level features such as frequency, recency, average days between events, purchase sums, and customer age. It summarizes data per group (e.g., user ID) into compact feature sets.
* **Time Series Features Node :** This node is now available to enrich transactions with temporal features like days since last purchase, transaction hour, rolling counts, and seasonality indicators. It keeps the same row count while adding time-based behavioral insights.
* **Moving Average Features Node :** This node is now available for calculating moving averages over defined time windows (e.g., 7 days). It supports rolling averages for amounts, sales, gaps, and unique users, helping uncover trends and seasonality.

Enhancements
----
Model Serving
++++

* **Performance Improvement using Process Pool :** Model Serving now supports multiple requests simultaneously using a process pool. This improves system throughput, reduces latency, and ensures stable performance under high load.

Documentation
----
* **ML Data Metrics :** Added documentation on *ML Data Metrics* node, covering node configuration, workflow integration for training and prediction and the output generated. Refer here: :ref:`ML Data Metrics<ML Data Metrics>`

* **Offline Model Drift Detection :** Added documentation on Sparkflows offline model and feature drift detection capabilities, including monitoring data behavior, detecting distribution shifts, and maintaining model reliability in production. Refer here: :ref:`Offline Model Drift Detection<Offline Model Drift Detection>`

* **Feature Engineering :** Added documentation on nodes for generating engineered features like grouping, time-series attributes and moving averages. Refer here: `Feature Engineering <https://docs.sparkflows.io/en/latest/user-guide/machine-learning/feature-engg.html#feature-engineering>`_









































