Version 3.3.2 - June, 2025
======

New Features
-----
Data Integration
++++

* **Snowflake Stored Procedure Execution Node :** Introduced a new node that allows execution of Snowflake Stored Procedure within EMR-based workflows using the returned value in another node. This facilitates tighter integration with Snowflake environments and expands automation capabilities.






Enhancements
-----
Data Integration
+++++
* **Save to Incorta Node :** Added support to select a Chidori connection in the Save to Incorta node, eliminating the need to manually enter the Hostname, API Key, and Incorta Authentication. The selected connection is now used automatically during node execution without displaying these details in the UI.

* **Browse Schema Feature :** Added support for the Browse Schema feature in databases with schema-level organization, such as PostgreSQL, SQL Server, and others.




UI/UX Improvements
+++++
* **Business Persona View Enhancements :** Improved layout and experience for business persona dashboards. Users can now access Reports, Applications, Chart Dashboards, and Chat via intuitive card-based navigation or directly through the left-side menu.
* **Visual Design Improvements :** 

  * Enriched the interface with improved icons and color schemes for a more engaging user experience.
  * Introduced a new set of icons in the icon selector, enabling users to assign custom icons to Projects, Chart Dashboards, Reports and Applications.

* **Node Dialogue Layout Enhancements :** Redesigned dialog interfaces for node configuration for clearer interaction and usability across workflows.

AI & Automation
+++++
* **Gen-AI Node Enhancements :** Added new Gen-AI nodes to the platform. Example: Multi-LLM Query Node – allows querying of multiple Large Language Models (LLMs) from providers such as OpenAI, Bedrock, and Gemini, offering flexible and robust AI-powered responses within a single node.
* **DocumentToText Node Upgrade :** Enhanced the node to support text extraction from various document types including PDF, TXT, DOCX, and image files. It can process both single files and directories, generating a structured DataFrame with extracted text, file names, page numbers and optionally Base64-encoded content  for PDFs and images.

Bug Fixes
----
Workflow Execution Display
+++++
* Fixed a bug where switching between “My Executions” and “All Executions” didn’t refresh properly.








Documentation
-----
* **Snowflake Stored Procedure Execution :** Added Documentation on executing a Snowflake stored procedure—using Airflow with the Snowflake Command node and running a Python script on EMR. Refer here: :ref:`Snowflake Stored Procedure Execution<Snowflake Stored Procedure Execution>`

* **Connections :** Updated the documentation for 'Connection Creation Privileges'. Refer here: :ref:`Connections<Connection Creation Privileges>`





















