Version 3.3.1 - May 15th, 2025
=====

New Features
-----

Authentication & Security
+++++
* **SSO Feature with PingID :** Added support for the NameID format **urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:nameid-format:persistent**, enabling unique identification of users. Other supported formats include persistent, unspecified and more.

Workflow Management
+++++
* **MWAA - Disable SSL Certificate Validation :** Added an option in Airflow connections to skip SSL certificate validation.This enables MWAA to support environments where strict certificate verification is not required.

AI & Automation
++++
* **Export Chatbot to JSON :** Added the ability to export a chatbot of a project to a JSON file directly from the Chatbot page. This enables easy backup, sharing, and migration of chatbot settings.

* **Import Chatbot(s) from JSON :** Introduced support to import one or multiple chatbots into a project using previously exported JSON files. This streamlines chatbot deployment and reuse across different projects or environments.

Enhancements
---------

User Management
+++++

* **Export Role and Group Information with Users :** Enhanced the user export functionality to include the associated Role(s) and Group(s) for each user.

UI/UX Improvements
+++++
* **Project List Card Layout Upgrade :** The layout for Project List Cards has been upgraded for improved navigation and usability.
* **Node Layout Upgrade :** The Node layout has been redesigned to provide a clearer, more intuitive visual structure for managing pipeline components.

AI & Automation
++++
* **Structured Chatbot with Database Querying :** Enhanced the chatbot to support natural language querying on structured databases like PostgreSQL and MySQL, returning results as tables and visualizations with clear explanations—enabling intuitive and effective data analysis.



Documentation
----
* **Project Level variables :** Updated the documentation for managing project-level variables, including their permissions, configuration, and operations such as viewing, adding, editing, and deleting. Refer here: :ref:`Project Level Variables<Project Level Variables>`

* **Airflow Snowflake Operators :** Updated the documentation to include step-by-step procedure for Airflow Snowflake Connection Setup using Key-Pair Authentication. Refer here: :ref:`Airflow Snowflake Operators<Airflow Snowflake Connection>`












