Version 3.3.11 - October, 2025
====

New Features
----

Platform Management
++++

* **Expiration Filter – TO Date Only :** The Expiration filter can now be applied using only a *To Date*, removing the requirement to enter a *From Date*.

* **Mandatory Token Descriptions :** Token descriptions are now mandatory for both new and edited tokens. Existing tokens without a description remain unaffected.

* **Copilot and MCP Server Support :** Initial support for Copilot and MCP Server is now available. The Copilot model can now be enabled through configuration. MCP connections can now be configured by selecting **API** as the *Connection Category* and **MCP** as the *Connection Type* during creation.

* **Databricks Cluster – Shared Cluster Support :** Databricks cluster creation now supports shared clusters. By default, the Data Security Mode is set to SINGLE_USER and for shared clusters, update it to USER_ISOLATION.

Data & Storage Management
++++

* **S3 Browser – Multi-Group Support :**

	* Users belonging to multiple groups can now switch between groups in the data browser.

	* The switched group’s credentials are used for S3 data access.

* **Azure Key Vault Integration in Snowflake Connection :** Users can now create a Credential Store using Azure Key Vault and add authentication details within it. The created Credential Store can then be used to establish Snowflake connections. These connections can further be utilized across various Snowflake nodes in workflows and pipelines.

* **Snowflake Sensor :** A Snowflake Sensor node is now available, which repeatedly executes (polls) a specified SQL query in Snowflake and verifies if the query’s output meets the defined success condition (e.g., status = 'SUCCESS', count = 159) before allowing the DAG to proceed.


User & Group Management
++++

* **Guardian Group Creation with Filtering :** When a user logs in, Sparkflows retrieves Guardian group information and automatically creates new groups. A new configuration property is now added to **application.properties** to filter out groups that should not be created.
Security Management
++++

* **OAuth Token Filtering :** A user can now have only one active login token in the database.

	* When a user logs in again, the previous token is updated with the new one.

	* A new filter for tokens has been added on the User Profile page.



Enhancements
----

Platform Improvements
++++

* **Standardized Date Format :** Dates across the application are now displayed in YYYY/MM/DD format.

* **Multi-Group Credential Store Support :** Users can now create a Credential Store specific to a selected group. This enhancement improves access control and security when managing credentials across multiple teams.

UI Improvements
++++

* **Snap to Grid Option :** A new Snap to Grid option now allows easier alignment of workflow and pipeline nodes for better visualization and design.


Documentation
----

* `Access Tokens <https://docs.sparkflows.io/en/latest/installation/user-groups/Access-Token.html#access-tokens>`_ documentation is now updated with details on the mandatory description field in tokens.

* :ref:`Copilot with MCP Connection<Copilot with MCP Connection>` documentation is now added on using copilot with MCP connection in Sparkflows to automatically generate nodes for workflows or pipelines.  

* `Snowflake Key-Pair Authentication <https://docs.sparkflows.io/en/latest/user-guide/connection/storage-connection/snowflake/snowflake-keypair.html>`_ documentation is updated with details on Azure Key Vault integration in Snowflake connection.

* `Snowflake Sensor <https://docs.sparkflows.io/en/latest/user-guide/pipeline-development/snowflake-nodes/snowflake-sensor.html>`_ documentation is now added with details about the Snowflake Sensor node.







