Version 3.3.5 - August 15th, 2025
=====


New Features
----

Access Tokens
++++

* **Token Description Editing :** Added the ability for users to edit the description of an existing token.

Airflow Pipelines
++++

* **Macros Support :** Added support for macros in Airflow Pipelines to retrieve *Pipeline ID*, *Pipeline Name* and *Pipeline Execution ID*.

Node Management
++++

* **Group-Based Node Accessibility :** Introduced the ability to show or hide specific custom nodes (lego blocks) for certain groups. Requires **nodes.manage** permission to access the *Manage Nodes* card in Administration. If a user belongs to multiple groups, a node remains visible if allowed in at least one group.

Snowflake Nodes
++++

* **Multiple CRUD Operations :** Added the ability to execute multiple CRUD operations within the same Snowflake node.

User Management
++++

* **Group Name Display in Edit Page :** Added the feature to display the *Group Name* being edited on the *Edit Group page* for clarity.

Enhancements
-----

Platform Reliability
++++
* **Retry and Delay Support in Operators :** Added support for **retries**, **retry_delay**, **max_retry_delay**, and **retry_exponential_backoff** in more operators. This enhancement ensures that retries are spaced out and grow exponentially, reducing the likelihood of triggering API throttling.

Access Tokens
++++

* **Token Expiry Notification :** Enhanced token expiry notification emails to include **instance details** for better traceability.

API
+++

* **Connection Support in Pipeline Execute API :** Enhanced the pipeline execute API to accept a **connectionId** and **connectionName** parameter, allowing users to specify the Airflow connection ID for pipeline execution. If not provided, the user’s default Airflow connection is used.

Documentation
----
* **Access Tokens :** Added documentation on managing access tokens in Sparkflows, including permissions for editing descriptions, deleting tokens (individually or in bulk), and ensuring transparency through detailed deletion summaries. Refer here: :ref:`Access Tokens<Access Tokens>`

* **Manage Nodes :** Added documentation on managing the visibility of workflow and pipeline nodes in Sparkflows by configuring node access for different user groups based on permissions. Refer here: :ref:`Manage Nodes<Manage Nodes>`



























