Version 3.3.21 - February, 2026
=====

New Features
-----

Platform & Infrastructure
++++

* **EMR Serverless at Pipeline Level :** Support has been introduced for executing pipelines using EMR Serverless configuration, enabling full pipeline execution without managing cluster infrastructure. The following nodes have been introduced:

  * Emr Serverless Create Application  
  - Emr Serverless Start Job
  - Emr Serverless Workflow
  - Emr Serverless Stop Application
  - Emr Serverless Delete Application
  - Emr Serverless Job Sensor
  - Emr Serverless Application Sensor


Pipeline Orchestration
++++

* **Workflow-to-Workflow Parameter Passing :** Pipelines now support dynamic parameter passing between workflows. The *Generate Pipeline Parameters* node can be used in the source workflow, and parameters can be referenced in downstream workflows using **${NAME}**.

Copilot 
++++

* **Feedback Button in Copilot :** A feedback button has been added, allowing users to provide feedback on AI-generated responses and report issues directly from the interface.

* **Admin Visibility :** Admin users now can view submitted feedback and reported issues.

* **Email Notifications :** Email IDs can be configured in connection settings to notify users when an issue is reported. System-generated notification emails are supported.

* **AI Disclaimer :** A disclaimer has been added indicating that the output is AI-generated.

Security & Configuration
+++++

* **Dedicated CORS Configuration Page :** A new CORS Settings page has been implemented for managing cross-origin configurations centrally.

Enhancements
----

Pipeline Observability
+++++

* **Workflow-Level Job Metrics Logs :** Workflow-level metrics are now logged upon successful execution, including execution identifiers, records processed, data volume, execution duration, and resource usage metrics.

Documentation
-----

* :ref:`EMR Serverless Nodes<EMR Serverless Nodes>` documentation has been added with the details on various EMR Serverless nodes.
* :ref:`Copilot Additional Features<Copilot Additional Features>` documentation has been added with the details on new Copilot features.



