Version 3.3.25 - April, 2026
============================

New Features
------------

Cloud & Integrations
++++++++++++++++++++

* **Invoke Azure Function App :** Support has been added to invoke Azure Function Apps directly from Sparkflows using Azure workspace connections.


Pipeline Execution & Control
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

* **Pipeline Trigger Mode via REST API :** Users can now identify whether a pipeline execution was triggered manually or via scheduler.

  ::

     /api/v1/pipelines/execution/{pipelineExecutionId}

  * launchType = MANUALLY ---> Manually triggered  
  * launchType = SCHEDULER ---> Scheduled trigger  

* **Restart from Failed Task :** Pipelines can now be retriggered from the failed task instead of restarting from the beginning.

* **List Pipeline Executions :** Added support to retrieve all executions for a given pipeline using pipelineId.


EMR Serverless
++++++++++++++

* **AWS Connection ID Support :** AWS Connection ID field has been added for EMR Serverless configuration.

* **Runtime Parameters Support :** Runtime parameters can now be passed in Spark Submit for EMRServerlessStartJob. Support for ``waiter_delay`` and ``waiter_max_attempts`` has also been added.

* **Custom Application Settings :** Users can define custom settings such as CPU, memory, and log paths for EMR Serverless applications.

* **Application Tagging :** Support has been added to define tags (name and value) for EMR Serverless applications.


Enhancements
------------

Pipeline Observability
++++++++++++++++++++++

* **Pipeline Custom Metrics (LegoBlocks) :** Custom/user-defined metrics can now be published from LegoBlocks executed as Spark jobs in pipelines and reported back to the Sparkflows UI.

Data Connectivity
+++++++++++++++++

* **SFTP ADLS Support :** SFTP node now supports ADLS integration on Databricks clusters.


Pipeline Orchestration
++++++++++++++++++++++

* **Trigger Next DAG Enhancements :**

  * **Latest DAG Upload :** Automatically uploads the latest DAG before triggering if not present in Airflow.
  * **Wait for Completion :** Keeps the TriggerDagRun operator in running state until the triggered DAG completes (Success/Failure).

Documentation
----------------

* `Invoke Azure Functions <https://docs.sparkflows.ai/en/latest/user-guide/pipeline-development/invoke_azure_functions.html>`_ documentation is added covering example on configuring Azure Workspace connections and triggering Azure Function endpoints (GET and POST) directly from pipelines.
