Version 3.3.18 - January, 2026
====


New Features
-----

Platform & Infrastructure
++++

* **Auto Scaling of EMR Cluster :** *Managed Autoscaling* is now enabled by selecting **Use EMR-managed scaling** in the Choose an option section of the Create EMR node in pipelines.

   * **Instance Group Support :** The *Create EMR Pipeline* node has been updated to support managed scaling policies. By default, clusters are created using Instance Groups with manual cluster size configuration.
   * **Instance Fleets Support :** Instance Fleets are now available as an option with a default configuration.

Security 
+++++

* **Group-Level Credential Store Integration :** Group-level ADLS, AWS, and GCP configurations can now securely pull secrets directly from the Credential Store (Key Vault / Secret Manager).

    * **Improved Group Configuration UI :**  
      ADLS, AWS, and GCP configurations are now organized into *separate tabs* at the group level.  
      A new pop-up has been introduced for configuring group-level ADLS, AWS, and GCP credentials.
    
    * **Credential Store Selection :** Users can now select the Credential Store at the configuration level. Once selected, secrets can be referenced using the format **$secret_key**, where *secret_key* corresponds to the value stored in the Key Vault or Secret Manager.
    
    * **AWS Credential Store Enhancements :**  
      Support has been added for configuring *ARN* or *Access Key and Secret Key* at the group level.  
      Required credentials are now available to securely list and fetch secrets from the credential store.




Enhancements
----


Pipeline Observability
+++++

* **Enhanced Node-Level Metrics Logs :** Node-level execution logs will now capture the *actual start and end time* of each node, providing improved execution visibility and performance analysis.


Copilot Enhancements
+++++

* **Improved Query Handling :** Copilot now detects and gracefully handles queries that are irrelevant to the target workflow or execution context.

* **Graceful MCP Fallback :** If a user submits a query unrelated to the MCP server, the system processes it normally. Even when the MCP server is unavailable, non-MCP queries continue to be handled directly by the LLM without interruption, ensuring uninterrupted workflow generation.




MLflow Model Enhancements
++++

* **Log Models to MLflow :** ML models can now be manually logged and registered in MLflow directly from the ML Models page.
* **Automatic Model Versioning on Re-Training :** When a model is re-trained, a new version is automatically created and listed, enabling effective version tracking.
  
UI/UX Enhancements
++++

**MLflow**
  
  * **Champion Model Selection :** Users can now select a Champion Model directly from the ML Models page, making it easy to identify the production-ready model.
  
  * **Model Metrics Visibility :** Model performance metrics can now be viewed directly on the ML Models page for monitoring and comparison.
  
  * **Champion Model Selection During Model Load :** While loading a model for scoring or prediction, users can now choose the Champion Model option to automatically use the production model.
  
  * **Model Card View :** A new Model Card View has been introduced to provide a consolidated, visual summary of each model, including model identity, key metrics, workflow details, MLflow status, and quick actions.



Fixes
-----

Pipeline Node Fixes
+++++

* **SnowflakeSensor XCom Value Fix :** Fixed an issue where XCom push values from previous nodes were not being replaced with actual values in the SnowflakeSensor.

* **TriggerNextDag Parameter Fix :** Resolved pipeline chaining issues related to *TriggerNextDag* parameters. Parameters are now correctly passed to the next DAG when using Trigger Next Dag.

* **Run Snowflake Autocommit Support :** Added **autocommit=True** support for the *Run Snowflake Command* node to ensure proper transaction handling.

* **Snowflake Connection Override Support :** Added support for overriding *warehouse, database, schema, and role* in Run Snowflake Command and Snowflake Sensor nodes. By default, these values are pulled from the connection; enabling “Enable To Override details” allows users to update them.

Documentation
---------------

* :ref:`User / Group / Role / Permission<User / Group / Role / Permission>` documentation has been updated with credential store integration for ADLS, AWS, and GCP, improved UI organization, secure secret referencing using **$secret_key**, and expanded AWS credential configuration support.  
  
* :ref:`Copilot with MCP Connection<Copilot with MCP Connection>` documentation is now updated to reflect improved query handling that gracefully processes non-MCP-related requests, ensuring uninterrupted workflow generation even when the MCP server is unavailable.  
 









































