Version 3.3.23 - March, 2026
============================

New Features
------------

Platform & Infrastructure
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* **Databricks OAuth Connection with Azure AD :** Support has now been added to create Databricks connections using OAuth authentication with Azure Active Directory, enabling secure authentication and improved access management.

  
EMR Serverless
++++++++++++++

* **PySpark Support for EMR Serverless :** PySpark workflows can now be executed on EMR Serverless applications within workflows and pipelines.


Pipeline Observability
++++++++++++++++++++++

* **Pipeline Custom Metrics Node :** A new node has been introduced to allow users to publish custom metrics from pipelines.

  - Metrics can be generated using values pulled from XCom.
  - Metrics are published to logs by default.
  - Metrics can be accessed using the Pipeline Metrics API: ``{hosturl}/api/v1/pipelineExecution/{pipelineExecutionId}/metrics``

  
Enhancements
------------

Git Integration
+++++++++++++++

* **Version Control Improvements :** Git integration has been enhanced to provide a unified version control experience within Project Overview.

  The **Version Control** tab includes the following sections:

  * **Changes** - Review staged and unstaged files and inspect diffs
  * **History** - View commit history
  * **Promotion** - Promote changes across branches
  * **Conflicts** - Resolve merge conflicts
  * **Settings** - Configure repository settings

 

Documentation
---------------

* `Databricks Connection <https://docs.sparkflows.ai/en/latest/databricks/admin-guide/databricks-connections.html>`_ documentation is now updated with creating connection using Azure AD Token authentication.

* `Pipeline Publish Metrics <https://docs.sparkflows.ai/en/latest/tutorials/pipelines/airflow_pipelines/pipeline_publish_metrics.html>`_ documentation has been added that outlines the step-by-step procedure for publishing metrics from pipelines.

* `Version Control <https://docs.sparkflows.ai/en/latest/user-guide/git-integration/version-control.html>`_ documentation has been added for details on managing version control for your projects.

* `EMR Serverless support in Workflows and Pipelines <https://docs.sparkflows.ai/en/latest/tutorials/pipelines/airflow_pipelines/emr_serverless_example.html>`_ documentation has been added explaining how Sparkflows enables running workflows on EMR Serverless, including creating applications and linking workflows as pipeline jobs.
